Doctor, my brother is a colonel in Zheng Beijun
He is now seriously injured
Please go through the certification procedures for him immediately.
What about the money in his card?
Expenses other than medical expenses
You consume it yourself
Doctor, my limbs
Well, it was interrupted by this dog thing.
Murder of a senior general of Zhenbei Army
Are you sure you want to cover for him? In that case
Then please don't leave
It's not you, why are you like this?
Obviously we came first
Do you have amnesia?
Did I tell you to leave without money for treatment?
This is not a place for charity.
But I also said our money is already on its way.
Can't you wait any longer?
There is my princess
You actually believe the nonsense of this kid Li Cun
What kind of person he is, I will know more in the past few years
A trash that can only sweep the floor and make trouble
He said he met Director Chen in the forest garden
I still believe that he said that the city lord will send him money
Only a fool would believe such nonsense, right?
I'm too lazy to waste my time with you.
But let me remind you
Don't forget who I am
And what happens when you rob me
Ouch.
Do you want to kill me with laughter?
Who doesn't know that at this morning's investment promotion meeting
You have been removed from all paths by the Holy Dragon Group
All assets were also frozen
My dad?
Even the identity of the princess was disliked by the prince
If it was before this morning
I'll kneel down for you
Now.
A down-and-out phoenix is not as good as a chicken
Hahaha
Unless you leave your bitch sister behind.
Make me comfortable, I'll tell you
Maybe I can get him to stay
Receive treatment in the ward
Remember what you said